<!-- title: My news: 03.27 -->
# Good news: Codename "Internal Eternal" first demo release:

During February and March I polished my demo, and this demo will be listed in Itch.io search and GameJolt (since I decided to release also in GameJolt).

Previously, this demo was available only via a link (and even earlier - with a password, as was stated in previous post)
Also it was a Showcase, not a Demo.

Now I stated, that this is a first Demo. Then may be second demo, third demo... until the full release (if the project survives)

Also, I no longer build the game of Web - you can build from source a Web build, if you want...

# Bad news: possible removal of SCP: Site Online and TGPY Game from public.

Sometime in the future, I will hide both TGPY Game and SCP: Site Online (for it's possible copyright violations).

I decided to hide TGPY Game for it's bad quality (NOT TO BE CONFUSED with TGPY project, which got recently renamed to Miniprojects).
I made a mistake, when was developing base TGPY Game (but eventually learned lessons), because I didn't notice the problem that broke multiplayer, arised when I tried to make a sandbox game.
Also, both in TGPY Game and SCP: Site Online has the possible copyright problem, related to CC-BY-SA license (the first has SCP-173 from SCP Unity, and the latter is an SCP game) (I discussed that problem in 2024.11.08 blog)

# Miscellaneous

1. I revamped my website - now it looks more like a personal page. Or a portfolio.
2. Large SCP-related projects are frozen indefinitely (The current SCP-Wiki quality... meh...). Maybe I'll return in the future, maybe not.